Use demo tileserver for devel without authToken (#11)
lmc-eu/lmc-maps-js: README.md

(() => {
    new LmcMaps({
        container: 'lmcMapId',
        coords: [[15.524, 49.766], [15.481, 49.758]],
        center: [15.520, 49.760]
        zoom: 7,
        style: 'lmc-default',
        marker: true,
        lang: 'cs',

>         authToken: 'YOUR_TOKEN'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // For development purposes authToken is not needed - but requests will have low rate limit.
        // authToken: 'YOUR_TOKEN',
        // Uncomment following publicUrl if you have your own authToken:
        // publicUrl: 'https://tileserver.lmc.cz'

```

Author: Edited.

| zoom        | Initial zoom level of map (default: 12) | number
| hasMarker   | Show marker in center of map (optional) | boolean
| style       | Style id (default: lmc-default) ([see supported styles](https://maps.lmc.cz/#styles))  | string
| lang        | Language of labels in map ([see supported languages](#supported-languages)) (default: native) | string
| authToken   | Your Authorization token (required) | string
| publicUrl   | Url to tileserver (default https://tileserver.lmc.cz) ([see more info](#tileserver)) | string

#### Supported languages <a name="supported-languages"></a>

Currently are supported these languages:

bg (Bulgarian), bs (Bosnian), cs (Czech), da (Danish), de (German), el (Greek), en (English), es (Spanish), et (Estonian), fi (Finnish), fr (French), hr (Croatian), hu (Hungarian), is (Icelandic), it (Italian), lt (Lithuanian), lv (Latvian), mk (Macedonian), nl (Dutch), pl (Polish), pt (Portuguese), ro (Romania), ru (Russian), sk (Slovak), sl (Slovene), sq (Albanian), sr (Serbian), sv (Swedish), tr (Turkish), uk (Ukrainian)

#### Tileserver URL <a name="tileserver"></a>

> For development is set url to demo tileserver (https://tileserver.lmc.cz/demo) without authToken as default (not need to set publicUrl manually), but with rate limits for tiles requests. However, for production usage you need to set `authToken` and use production tileserver (default https://tileserver.lmc.cz).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default tileserver `publicUrl` is set to demo tileserver (`https://tileserver.lmc.cz/demo`), which could be used during development. It does not need `authToken`, but is has low rate limits for tiles requests and **must not** be used on production.

 For production usage you need to set `authToken` and use production tileserver (which is eg. `https://tileserver.lmc.cz`).
```

Author: Edited.
